I greet you dear needlewomen
today I want to tell you how
correctly calculate the number of loops
knitting
I know that many beginners
face this problem before
guess the required number of loops
necessary for knitting
they choose many times dissolve again
recruit again dissolve was and I
sometime exactly the same but after watching
I hope this video has this problem.
you will fall away once and for all and so how
calculate the number of loops
Firstly, when buying yarn on a label
always indicated approximately
approximate density calculation before knitting
let's say 10 centimeters
21 loops and indicated
needles number needles that need
knit which is suitable for knitting from
let's say this yarn but with these
calculations can not guess for the
for the simple reason that everyone has, let's say
so peculiar knitting technique yes
someone knits weakly someone knits the other way around
very tight and recommended here
Knit the pattern of the front satin
again here, too, can be mistaken
because when knitting the example of the openwork
pattern so how elastic is he well
that number of loops can be
prove redundant
and when knitting some dense
relief pattern example if you
use your knitting
like some kind of bundles and to
some kind of interlacing then the pattern is the opposite
tightened yes and the number of loops can
it is not enough therefore it is best
gain loops
exactly
rather, it is best to knit a pattern
just exactly what you use
when knitting and so for example we need
to tie
half-size like this we take
centimeter and measure the circumference of the hips in
I'm 32 centimeters 32 in half
it turns out a total volume of 64 cm and so
how do we knit in pieces up to back to
there is no need to type a quantity
loops which will correspond to 32
centimeter we knit a pattern pattern and
measure how many loops we will have in
ten centimeters like this 10
centimeters count the number
I made 26 loops
what we do on 26 loops and 32
we divide loops by 10 we get 3.2
and multiply by 26 loops that is
the number of loops that we have in ten
centimeters in this case is obtained
83 loops that is in order not to
tie a half-half of this size to me
you need to dial 83 loops well and plus 2
Edging here is such a simple and
simple calculation
I think you will be right now
count and not make mistakes when knitting
if the information was useful to you, put
Like do not forget to share with your
maybe friends
same need this information and
write comments if something was not
it is clear to all until we meet again